Fix array assignment and deletion at storage slot overflow boundary (#15984)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.30 (2025-05-07)

Important Bugfixes:

> * Code Generator: Fix inconsistent handling of storage arrays at the slot overflow boundary, which could lead to incorrect storage cleanup when using `delete` or partial assignments of arrays.

Reviewer: I think this would be more accurate (and less vague):

```suggestion
* Code Generator: Fix a bug in clearing/copying of arrays that straddle the end of storage, potentially resulting in assignment/initialization/`delete`/`push()`/`pop()` skipping some or all of the intended storage writes.
```

Reviewer: Also, the changelog needs to be moved to 0.8.32.
